CHOKING COUGHS
Mum!
Odette!
Jake!
Lucy!
Kate!
Dad!
Stay where you are!
Ow! Stop filming me. then.
I'm not filming you.
I'm filming the holiday.
Daniel. pack it in.
It's for school.
Dad!
CAR RADIO PLAYS
Everything all right back there?
The air con's brilliant.
First to see the sea. Me!
THEY LAUGH
# I go in with the breeze... #
I can't believe you got this car.
Well. you said be more spontaneous.
Can't wait.
Are we going to be the first?
No. Rowan will be there.
Lucy. do you reckon Jake's
going to be there?
Yeah. Daniel. he will be.
You'll like Jake.
How long?
Uh....
Approximately 22 minutes.
SHE SWITCHES RADIO
Mum. no. What?
Look. this holiday has
officially started.
# Where are you now?
# I'm looking for you
# Where are you now... #
Rowan's emails said something
about where to park?
Didn't get it.
No. everyone did. Let me see.
It's dead.
But you were just looking at it.
Does this belong to Ron?
Yeah. one of her clients.
Beats camping. that's for sure. huh?
Absolutely typical.
Yeah. all her friends.
for fuck's sake.
Are you OK. Sean?
Yeah.
Just tired.
This place looks great.
You're so beautiful!
Thank you.
How are you?
Oh. I'm good. I'm good.
Daniel. oh!
Jake's already in the pool.
DANIEL: Mum. where's
my swimming stuff?
Hello!
Let's get the bags in first.
This is amazing!
Oh! Oh!
Have you done something?
I got older.
No. it's like hair looks
all swooshy.
You're such a shit liar.
No. honestly!
Sean.
Nice place you got here.
I wish.
Oh. have you been working out?
Middle aged panic.
Jen and Al not here?
Oh. they went to see the shop.
Oh. I thought we were going
to do that first.
Oh. you know what she's like.
We'll sort it all out at the end
of the holiday.
OK. great.
Look. I know we always say it...
It's been too long.
Russ. can you help with the. erm...?
I'm on the phone.
Who is it you represent again?
Stop keeping the peace.
I know. old habits.
And this is your room.
This is lovely. Thank you so much.
Don't expect this every year. mind.
Oh. well. in my experience.
if you don't expect something.
you don't get it.
Ooh. A bit different from
our first day in halls.
ROWAN LAUGHS
Wait. you don't like it?
No. No. no. no. I love it.
It's... What?
Sean. Just the last couple
of days...
Let's chat later.
Time for some bubbly.
How the other half live. huh?
Would you really want something
like this?
Sure. why not?
What's a couple of million?
Stick it on the card.
So. talking of being spontaneous...
Oh. yeah?
PHONE PINGS
Oh. I thought you said it was dead.
Yeah. I bloody wish it was.
You've got an en-suite.
That's so unfair.
Of course we've got the en-suite.
we're the parents.
Isn't this amazing?
Not really.
Have you been in yet? No.
Hey. Lucy. watch me!
Woo! Woo!
Let's see. Would you mind
giving me a hand?
Oh. no. of course. of course. yeah.
And only a little for me.
I've got a bit of a headache.
A lot for me. please.
Thank you. Cheers.
Now. isn't this amazing?
How much do we owe you?
Oh. no. I said we'd sort it all
out at the end of the holiday.
OK. When's Izzy coming?
I'm picking her up tomorrow at 9:00.
Is this a private party.
or can I join in?
Seany. look at you.
Not so bad yourself. Jenny.
Can you believe he's training for
the Bristol half marathon?
Oh. is that what he's been
telling you?
Well. we've both brought our running
stuff. so we'll see. Won't we. Sean?
Yeah.
Can I just ask whose idea it
was to bring the children?
No. but. really. Jake wouldn't leave
home without the bloody Xbox.
Oh. well. we've got one here.
Oh. please. don't tell him.
Just one week away from all
that noise would be wonderful.
Welcome to paradise. kids.
Alistair. let me.
No. no. no. it's fine.
Just because I don't lug bags
of mulch around every day
doesn't mean I can't handle
some shopping bags.
Well. did you get any pasta?
Cos Kate and I are cooking tonight.
Oh. no. we're all going out.
I thought we...
No. no. no. please.
No-one wants to cook on
the first night.
I mean. it's a celebration.
we're all together again.
Apart from Izzy.
Izzy.
And when she comes.
we can do it all again.
Well. cheers to that.
Wahey! Woo!
Cheers! Thank you.
What's the Wi-Fi code?
Erm. Rowan will know it.
Do you like your room?
I said thank you.
No. I know. I just... What?
Look. I know you've been really
stressed out with exams and stuff.
but I just want you to forget
all that and just relax.
I will when I get the Wi-Fi code.
Sean. how are you doing?
Not so bad. yeah.
What was Rowan showing you
on her phone?
Are you spying on me?
I was looking at a house she's
thinking of buying in Devon.
When was that?
Uh. a couple of months ago.
I told you.
I'm sure I did.
And she's asked you to do
the landscaping? Mm-hm.
What... What are you doing?
No. we can't. Oh. we can.
Mum!
Oh. fuck...! Oh...!
Hold on!
THEY GIGGLE
Where's the iPad?
No. I said no iPad.
It's for school.
It's still in the car. I think.
THEY LAUGH
God. I've been an arsehole
these last few days.
I know it. and I'm sorry.
Can we afford to go out tonight?
No. but...
BOTH: Put it on the card!
That could have been
really dangerous!
No. Jake. come on. Oh. come on. Dad.
CHATTER FROM OUTSIDE
MUSIC PLAYS
PHONE PINGS
SHE EXHALES SHARPLY
SHRILL SCREAM
How's that? That sore? Yeah.
Ah...! I know. I know. I know.
I just need to see.
Ow...! OK. Now. look at me.
Does it help when I do that?
Yeah.
What the hell happened?
They were just messing about.
Yeah. it was an accident.
Come on. Just leave him.
DANIEL SOBS
Come on.
It wasn't an accident.
You know what boys are like?
Was it Jake?
Daniel. it's not telling tales.
I just need to know the truth.
Then why are you so angry?
Sorry. sorry.
I'm just worried.
You OK?
Do you want a shot on my new phone?
Can I? We said no phones.
Mum... No. no. Come on. it's OK.
Let's them have some fun.
Go play. both of you.
Can I? Yeah. yeah. of course.
Kate?
You've been crying?
No.
No. it's just a sudden panic.
Yeah. I know what you mean.
I get those ever since Jake
was born.
You think they'd stop after
16 years. but..
You need a Jenny special.
It's like being back at
your room at uni.
Oh. my God. What I wouldn't
give to be back there.
Really?
To be 20 again? Are you mad?
I would have had so much more fun.
We had fun. didn't we?
Well. we are where we are.
Ready?
Three. two. one.
Mm!
INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
INDISTINCT
Sorry about Daniel.
PHONE BUZZES
You OK?
Who is that texting you?
It's the football dads from school.
There's a five-a-side Tuesday.
Do you fancy it?
DOOR OPENS
If you don't come down now.
the table will be gone.
Here we are.
So. how are you going
to have your steak?
Oh. as bloody as they come.
Oh. yum.
Do you know what you're going
to get yet? I am starving.
I want a Coke.
No. I don't want you to have
a fizzy drink.
He'll be fine.
Do you ever see Michael
these days. Rowan?
Uh. not since the divorce. no.
Why are you asking about him?
Oh. you know.
We haven't been together in ages.
It just reminded me.
Keep up. Alistair.
Michael hasn't been around since
Daniel's christening.
How's the book coming
along. Alistair?
Your best seller. ten years
in the making. huh?
So. should we order?
Who's Michael?
Rowan's first husband.
Your mum thought he was having
an affair. but. erm...
And that's why they split up?
A scandal.
For once. your mum was wrong.
Can I just say something?
I just want to thank you. Rowan.
for organising this amazing holiday.
Oh. no. it was all Kate's idea.
The most brilliantly organised
WhatsApp group I've ever known.
GLASS SMASHES
For fuck's sake. Odette!
If I hear another fucking story
about their time at uni...
Not enjoying yourself. then?
I've got some weed. if you want.
Yeah?
How'd you'd get that in?
You'd be surprised.
So. what are you going to do?
Jake?
Jake. food's here.
For two weeks in the advance.
I'd been when I was a teenager.
And you could just go and pick
it up on the day.
I had to call Kate and tell her...
It's getting cold. I told you.
INDISTINCT CONVERSATION
The whole thing's a total mess.
The husband already has
nine points. so the wife...
Angela.
Took the points. Yeah.
And of course the cops find out.
God knows how.
Well. Kate will know. Kate?
Mrs Jefferson was in Portugal
at the time of the offence.
What. so did you investigate it?
No. it was a colleague.
I'm not traffic.
Would you do that. Rowan.
lie to the police if it meant
Russ not getting banned?
Would you do that?
Oh. she'd hang me out to dry.
I would do it.
What. you'd love to cycle to the
university every morning. huh?
I bet you wouldn't even
dare ask Kate.
We all know what Kate would do.
The truth. the whole truth.
Mr Jefferson was caught doing 76
in a 40mph zone.
He blamed it on his wife
and didn't tell her.
which is why she's divorcing him.
So. if Sean was stupid enough
not only to lie to me.
but then to get caught. then...
Truth is. our car barely does 50.
so I reckon Sean will be safe.
THEY LAUGH
Thanks. love.
Anyway. cheers again.
Hey. why don't we pick up
where we left off
before Daniel so rudely interrupted
our spontaneity?
SEAN SNORES
PHONE BUZZES
KNOCK ON DOOR
You OK darling? I'm fine. Mum.
I just wanted to come and see you.
I missed you.
Has something happened?
Dad's been so grumpy and you were
being really weird at dinner.
No.
It's all good. We're fine.
So. it'll all be all right
in the morning?
PHONE PINGS
Izzy's landed in Singapore. now
waiting on the flight to Rome.
and then on to Malta.
What. she's texted you?
No. I follow her on Insta.
She's really cool for
someone your age.
Oh. really?
THEY LAUGH
Hey.
I love you. Night-night.
Night. Mum. Love you.
DOOR SHUTS
You are lucky. you. Kate.
You're a cop.
You do something important.
Unlike Sean. mind you.
Don't get to be wrong. he's a great
guy. but that's all I ever hear.
"Why can't you be more like Sean?"
What. Rowan says that?
And I know what she means.
But I'm not like Sean.
Did Rowan tell you I got the sack?
No. I'm sorry to hear it.
You sure she didn't tell you?
You know. I...
I never thanked you.
For what?
Rowan getting divorced.
Does she still talk about all that?
Suspicion can be so...
I don't have any proof.
I just know.
She's told you. I bet.
Told me what?
She's having an affair.
Where's Sean?
Oh. he went to pick Izzy up.
I thought you were doing that.
He insisted.
You know what those two are like.
Want a smoothie? Yeah!
There you go. Thank you.
Oh. were you down here with Russ
last night?
Yeah.
He told me he'd been laid off.
Really?
He made me swear not to tell anyone.
He also said that you compare
him to Sean.
What?
God. how drunk was he?
Do you still blame me for what
happened with you and Michael?
Sorry. did Russ say this?
No.
I just...
Look. you may have been wrong
about the affair.
but. in the end. that's
not why we split up.
You know that.
Oh. bloody Alistair.
he always does this.
He throws a grenade. then sits back.
He's why we don't invite husbands.
PHONE PINGS
Can I sit down?
Whatever.
THEY EXCLAIM
Hey. babes! Oh. it's good
to see you.
Kate. Kate!
Oh. how long's it taken you to
get here? Do I smell that badly?
A bit.
Oh. it feels like I've been
travelling for a month.
But the thought of seeing you lot
has kept me going.
What do you think?
Beautiful.
So much nicer than the photos.
You said you liked the photo!
And I'm saying this is better.
Where are the kids? They're the
real reason why I'm here.
Well. Lucy is desperate to see you.
We keep promising to come and visit.
Well. we need promise no more.
I'm coming back.
Why? What's happened? Nothing.
And everything. You can take
the girl out of Chorley. but...
He's right. I can only
run away for so long.
You're not finally settling down?
I was back home a couple of months
ago. and I thought.
you know what. this is
where I need to be.
In Chorley?
She's met someone.
It's complicated.
I'll tell you later.
All in good time. yeah.
It really is so good to see you.
And you. and you. and you.
Come here.
I missed you so much!
What about me?
Oh. come on. then. if you must.
I'm going to the beach!
Right. come on. then.
You little monkey. Come on.
# Found myself down by the water
# Found myself down by the sea
# Trying to feel
what I ought to feel
# Nothing's coming to me
# I watch the ranks of waves
come in.. #
WAVES LAP LOUDLY
Where's that little baby one you had
as well?
Oh. yeah. like a little family.
Come here. Dad.
Come here.
Put some of this on my back. will
you?
Ooh. it's cold.
This is not fair. this body of
yours. Me?
What about you? I've not had
kids. that's all.
That why you've come back.
to have kids?
Did you ever think about
having more?
I mean. after Jake was born.
I couldn't imagine having another.
But now when he's grown up. it's
like... Does Alistair know this?
Well. he barely wanted them in the
first place. so...
I mean. we thought about it.
Well. Sean did. but... You had a
career to pursue.
Well. the police offered me
their fast-track programme. so...
You did what you felt was right.
HE CHEERS AND LAUGHS
What about you. Rowan? At uni.
you were determined to have
at least five.
Rowan?
Some things are not meant to be.
Where is Odette?
Odette!
She was with Jake.
Well. he was not looking after her.
Jake.
Have you seen Odette?
Have you seen the little girl
she's like eight years old.
she's got pigtails?
Have you seen the little girl?
She is about this big.
She's eight years old.
She's blonde year you. She's eight
years old.
Excuse me. have you seen the little
girl about eight years old.
blonde hair? Odette!
Odette!
She has an orange-striped top on.
Just give me a shout. yeah?
Odette. Odette.
Odette.
Odette!
Rowan! I found her. Mommy!
She's here. she's here.
Oh. my God. Darling. Mummy!
I told you to stay... Jake told
me to hide because he said we
could play hide and go seek.
No. no. no. Why would he say that?
You calling my daughter a liar?
No. but... Girls. girls. She's
here. She's safe.
That's the main thing. So let's just
go and get an ice cream.
Yeah? Come on.
It's just...
Jake us on the other
side of the bloody beach.
Hey. You OK?
Jenny. she's just upset.
Honestly. it's not worth it.
I'm just going to go
and get some money.
Are you OK. Kate?
Where are you going?
Thought you wanted to be alone?
Your mum's watched us like a hawk.
No-one's good enough
for her baby boy.
In your dreams.
MUFFLED MUSIC PLAYS
BOTTLES CLANG
Where'd you get that?
Does it matter?
I thought you were joking.
I know. let's pretend we're on
holiday.
Best not in full view.
What would Mummy say?
Remember that time we caught Lucy
shooting up in the woods?
Russ?
CAMERA SHUTTERS CLICK
Day two in the holiday house.
Put your sun cream on?
Yeah. Dad did it.
Hey.
How's Rowan?
Lying down. She had a real panic.
Your go!
She was telling the truth
about Jake.
Well. we're all safe now.
It's your go. Daddy. Come on!
Scanned in some of our photos.
You guys in uni.
Look at you all.
Cor! You'll barely know
the difference.
Where did you get these?
Yeah. we were cleaning out the loft.
You'd be surprised what we found
up there. Kate.
Isn't that right. darling? Yeah.
Did you see where Jake went?
No. OK. because I think I saw him
with Lucy.
Would you... Shall we just go and
look? Sure. Yeah? Yeah.
I think they're at the hideout.
I thought they'd be here.
Jake.
Jake?
Luce.
Lucy.
Kate? Yeah.
Listen. there's something
I've been meaning to say for ages.
OK.
Sean and I slept together.
And the reason I'm telling you now
is Alistair read an old diary.
and I just know he's going to
blurt it out at some point to you.
When are we talking about?
At uni. before you two got together.
Izzy introduced us. we get drunk.
Kate. things happen.
It's just...
I kind of wrote some nice things
about Sean.
At the time. I thought it might
go further.
But then he met you and it didn't.
Why didn't you tell me?
I don't know. I...
What would be the point?
So I knew the truth.
RUMBLING
Oh. shoot. Do you think they
went down there?
MUSIC PLAYS ON MOBILE
Jake.
Don't do anything stupid.
It's all going to be OK. yeah?
JENNY: Hey. Jake!
Get away from that.
We weren't doing anything. Jake!
Come on!
Get away from there now. No. no. no.
Jake!
What are you going to do...
..arrest me?
Jake. come on. please.
How fucking dare you do that to me.
You stay away from here. do
you understand? Mum...
And you stay away from him.
particularly when he's like that?
Do you hear me?
DOOR OPENS
Did Lucy tell you what
the hell was going on down there?
Yeah. we've we talked it through.
she's fine.
Well. it sounds like it was a good
job you turned up when you did.
Do you love me. Sean?
Of course I love you.
Jenny told me something today.
Has she's spoken to you?
About what?
Are you sleeping with her?
Are you serious? At uni?
I just can't believe that
you've never...
That's 20 years ago!
We were off our faces. It...
It was before you and I...
She really liked you.
I think she wanted it to go further.
Well. it didn't.
Thank God.
So no regrets.
You're right. I'm sorry. I should
have told you at some point.
I love you.
I did then
and I do now.
Hm?
Jenny!
MOBILE DINGS
SHE PANTS
SHE SCREAMS
Help!
HE COUGHS
Jake!
Jenny!
Dad!
Subtitles by Red Bee Media